The idea is to emmulate this https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/shuttle/launch/countdown101.html

The clock -> start an automatic countdown. Try and use ISOTime/lux to display 48 hours.

you may need to have a way to itterate through miliseconds as well.

Find a way to implement rxjs Intervals https://www.learnrxjs.io/learn-rxjs/operators/creation/interval

rxjs stopwatch recipe may help -> https://www.learnrxjs.io/learn-rxjs/recipes/stop-watch

The NASA announcer -> will explain the sequence of events as they happen and display them.

The crowd -> during the last 10 seconds... have them count down 10! 9! 8!...
    Do not display 1000 miliseconds over and over but the seconds exactly.
    If the Abort button is pushed...have them say "Aw man!" or something.



ISSUES TO FIX: 

        1. fix the continue button issue.
        2. Find a way to have the clock display 48:00:00.
        3. Have the announcer messages stay and add to them like in a string array.
        4. Hold needs to hold.
        5. Abort needs to abort.
        6. Continue needs to continue.

  ///events: 
  T-43 hours and counting
The Shuttle Test Director performs the traditional call to stations and the countdown clock is activated.
T-27 hours and holding
This is the first built-in hold and typically lasts four hours.
Clear launch pad of all non-essential personnel
T-27 hours and counting
Begin operations to load cryogenic reactants into the orbiter's fuel cell storage tanks
T-19 hours and holding
This built-in hold typically lasts four hours, but may be extended if PRSD offload is required.
Demate the orbiter's midbody umbilical unit
Clean and vacuum crew module
External tank nosecone purge
T-19 hours and counting
Begin final preparations of the orbiter's three main engines for main propellant tanking and flight
Fill launch pad sound suppression system water tank
Resume orbiter and ground support equipment close-outs
Close out the tail service masts on the mobile launcher platform
T-11 hours and holding
This built-in hold varies between 13 to 14 hours.
Weather and engineering briefings
Pad debris inspection and closeout
Flight crew equipment late stow
Move rotating service structure to "park" position
Activate the orbiter's inertial measurement units and communications systems
Perform ascent switch list
T-11 hours and counting
Activate the orbiter's fuel cells
Clear the blast danger area of all nonessential personnel
Switch the orbiter's purge air to gaseous nitrogen
T-6 hours and holding
This built-in hold typically lasts two hours, or one hour for a 24- or 48-hour scrub.
Mission Management Team and launch director receive weather update
Launch team verifies no violations of launch commit criteria before loading the external tank with propellants
Clear pad of all personnel
Chill-down of propellant transfer lines
Begin loading the external tank with about 500,000 gallons of cryogenic propellants
T-6 hours and counting
Finish filling the external tank with its flight load of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants
T-3 hours and holding
This built-in hold typically lasts two-and-a-half hours.
External tank loading enters stable replenish
Perform inertial measurement unit preflight calibration
Align Merritt Island Launch Area (MILA) tracking antennas
Final Inspection Team proceeds to the launch pad to conduct a detailed analysis of the vehicle as the team walks up and down the entire launch tower
Closeout Crew proceeds to the launch pad to configure the crew module for countdown and launch and assist the astronauts with entry into the orbiter
Televised weather briefing
Flight crew weather briefing
Astronaut Support Person enters crew module and begins comm checks
T-3 hours and counting
Crew departs for the launch pad and, upon arriving at the pad, begins entry into the orbiter via the White Room
Complete close-out preparations in the launch pad's White Room
Check cockpit switch configurations
Astronauts perform air-to-ground voice checks with Launch Control (Kennedy Space Center) and Mission Control (Johnson Space Center)
Close the orbiter's crew hatch and check for leaks
Complete White Room close-out
Close-out crew retreats to fallback area
T-20 minutes and holding
This built-in hold typically lasts 10 minutes.
NASA Test Director conducts final launch team briefings
Complete inertial measurement unit preflight alignments
T-20 minutes and counting
Transition the orbiter's onboard computers to launch configuration
Start fuel cell thermal conditioning
Close orbiter cabin vent valves
Transition backup flight system to launch configuration
T-9 minutes and holding
This is the final built-in hold, and varies in length depending on the mission.
Final launch window determination
Activate flight recorders
Final "go/no-go" launch polls conducted by NASA Test Director, Mission Management Team and launch director
T-9 minutes and counting
Start automatic ground launch sequencer
Retract orbiter access arm (T-7 minutes, 30 seconds)
Start auxiliary power units (T-5 minutes, 0 seconds)
Arm solid rocket booster range safety safe and arm devices (T-5 minutes, 0 seconds)
Start orbiter aerosurface profile test, followed by main engine gimbal profile test (T-3 minutes, 55 seconds)
Retract gaseous oxygen vent arm, or "beanie cap" (T-2 minutes, 55 seconds)
Crew members close and lock their visors (T-2 minutes, 0 seconds)
Orbiter transfers from ground to internal power (T-50 seconds)
Ground launch sequencer is go for auto sequence start (T-31 seconds)
Activate launch pad sound suppression system (T-16 seconds)
Activate main engine hydrogen burnoff system (T-10 seconds)
Main engine start (T-6.6 seconds)
T-0
Solid rocket booster ignition and liftoff!
